Updating Contrib (#181)
rust-unofficial/patterns: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Writing a new article

> Before writing a new article please check:
> 
> - the [Umbrella issue](https://github.com/rust-unofficial/patterns/issues/116),
> - in general the other [issues](https://github.com/rust-unofficial/patterns/issues),
> - and the [Pull Requests](https://github.com/rust-unofficial/patterns/pulls)
> 
> if there are existing issues or someone is already working on that topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before writing a new article please check in one of the following resources if there is an existing discussion or if someone is already working on that topic:

- [Umbrella issue](https://github.com/rust-unofficial/patterns/issues/116),
- [All issues](https://github.com/rust-unofficial/patterns/issues),
- [Pull Requests](https://github.com/rust-unofficial/patterns/pulls)
```
